=== Subpage 2: https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article/state-affiliated-media-advertisers ===State-affiliated media are media organizations whose editorial output or decision-making process is subject to control by a government. We label the accounts and video of media entities that we know to be subject to editorial control by state institutions. We determine whether an organization is subjected to editorial control or influence by a government based on evidence collected by independent external experts. For more information on this process, visit ourTransparency Centerand readLabelling state-affiliated media entities. State-affiliated media accounts are not allowed to advertise outside the market they're registered in.

=== Subpage 3: https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article/market-specific-requirements-for-ad-approval ===TikTok Shop Academy

=== Subpage 4: https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article/data-collection-standards ===At TikTok, we prioritize user privacy and provide guidelines to ensure that data collection processes are conducted responsibly and securely, fostering trust and compliance. This article outlines the essential rules and practices advertisers must follow when collecting data from consumers.
Advertisers must adhere to relevant data standards for collecting and distributing user data.
Advertisers must clearly disclose any data collection, sharing, and usage that takes place on their Landing Page through the use of a privacy policy.
Advertisers are not allowed to distribute malicious software that may harm or gain unauthorized access to a computer, device, or network.
Advertisers are not allowed to distribute undisclosed or unwanted software.
Advertisers are not allowed to distribute unwanted or undisclosed software that collects or transmits user information without user knowledge.
Advertisers are not allowed to distribute unwanted software that is difficult to remove.

=== Subpage 5: https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article/tiktok-ads-policy-financial-services ===At TikTok, our aim is to provide our users with the necessary details to allow them to make well-informed financial choices. Our policies prioritize equipping users with the information they need to evaluate financial products and services, while also protecting them from any deceptive or harmful practices.
This policy requires enhanced transparency from you, as an advertiser, that promotes financial products and services, such as banking, insurance, trusts, securities, and leases that deal with financial commodities, financing, payments, investments, information exchange, or debt relief.
Generally, the following requirements must be met, but may depend on your delivery market (see theMarket-specific requirementssection for additional guidance):
Comply with relevant local laws and regulations
Be licensed by local and regional authorities
Include proper disclaimers where applicable
The ad must be restricted to audiences aged 18 years and older
Examples of what is not allowed:
Get-rich-quick offers
Pyramid schemes
Too-good-to-be-true financial offers
Note:Promote is the only form of paid ads allowed in this market.

=== Subpage 6: https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article/branded-content-policy-country-specific-requirements ===In addition to the Branded Content restrictions outlined in ourglobal Branded Content Policy, including our global prohibition on political content, we recommend that you comply with the additional restrictions applicable to specific markets below. Otherwise, we may be required to prevent the content from being accessed in the relevant markets.
Our Branded Content and TikTok Ads policies differ. Content which is prohibited in Branded Content may still be allowed in TikTok Ads. If you would like to promote your content in TikTok Ads, we recommend understanding and complying with ourTikTok Advertising Policies.
Infant food - Infant food, including milk powder, dietary supplements, etc.
Cosmetic clinics and cosmetic surgery.
Cosmetics making medicinal claims.
Note:
Energy drinks are allowed (subject to HFSS restrictions) but will be restricted to an users aged 18 years and older.
Credit cards, traditional loans, debit cards, and bank accounts are allowed with explicit permission of TikTok and will be restricted to users aged 18 years and older.
Branded Content must not promote or reinforce negative or unhealthy body images and must not exploit insecurities to conform to certain beauty ideals or standards.  Branded Content must not contain insulting, offensive, or distasteful messaging which could make users feel negative about the way they look, and must not suggest that you must look a certain way, that there's a perfect way to look, or that if you look a certain way you will be more desirable, successful, happy or popular for that reason.
Branded Content must not promote an unhealthy relationship with food or exercise.
The following are prohibited:
Non-alcoholic drinks from alcohol brands.
Food supplements and vitamins - Vitamins, powders, shakes, gummies claim to have vitamin or health benefits, etc.
Weight loss products or services including but not limited to:Ingestible products claiming to burn fat or help to lose or gain weight are prohibited (e.g. fat burning pills, appetite suppressants, weight loss, detox teas, or lollipops)Weight loss or management fasting products or such services.Waist trainers, face and body sculpting products.Weight loss injections or surgery.
Weight loss products or services including but not limited to:
Ingestible products claiming to burn fat or help to lose or gain weight are prohibited (e.g. fat burning pills, appetite suppressants, weight loss, detox teas, or lollipops)
Weight loss or management fasting products or such services.
Waist trainers, face and body sculpting products.
Weight loss injections or surgery.
Baby food - Infant formula, dietary supplements for babies, etc.
Real estate.
Psychological consulting services.
Cosmetology services - Plastic surgeries, tattoo services, or laser hair removal services in professional places, etc.
Dangerous toys - Toys that may result in severe harm to personal safety, such as laser pens, etc.
Employment services.
Offline entertainment events - Real life music events, etc.
Energy drinks are allowed, but will be restricted to users aged 18 years and older.
Branded Content promoting movies, TV shows, and games: Age rating of the movie, TV show, or game must appear in the content.
Food or beverages.
Skincare products and cosmetics - Including perfumes, teeth whitening kits, hair coloring or perming products, hair removal products, tanning products, etc.
The following products and services are prohibited as Branded Content on TikTok. Some of the following products and services may be allowed with targeting restrictions for regular paid ads. Find TikTok's regular paid ads policies here:TikTok Advertising Policies:
Alcohol - Including but not limited to alcoholic beverages (wine, beer, spirits, etc.), alcohol clubs, subscription services, alcohol-making kits, and alcohol-sponsored events. This includes alcohol-free or non-alcohol alternatives and soft drinks presented as mixers for alcohol.
Contraceptive products and services - Condoms are not allowed to be advertised in Branded Content in addition to any products, services, artificial methods, or other techniques - medical or non-medical - to prevent or terminate pregnancies, including abortion-related services.
Cosmetic clinics and medical institutions - Including but not limited to cosmetic clinics and medical institutions, including dental surgeries, opticians, cosmetic surgeries, nutritionists, general practitioner services, online pharmacies, and telehealth providers.
Financial services - Including but not limited to credit building or repair services, buy now pay later services, investment, trading, cryptocurrency, NFTs, and multi-level marketing and pyramid schemes.Exception: Credit cards, traditional loans, debit cards, bank accounts, and tax and budgeting services are allowed with explicit permission of TikTok and will be restricted to users aged 18 years and older.
Financial services - Including but not limited to credit building or repair services, buy now pay later services, investment, trading, cryptocurrency, NFTs, and multi-level marketing and pyramid schemes.
Exception: Credit cards, traditional loans, debit cards, bank accounts, and tax and budgeting services are allowed with explicit permission of TikTok and will be restricted to users aged 18 years and older.
Food supplements and vitamins - Including but not limited to vitamins, powders, shakes, after-workout/protein powders, or gummies claiming to have vitamin content or health benefits.
Pharmaceutical and healthcare products - Including but not limited to any pharmaceutical product claiming health benefits, over-the-counter medicines, prescription drugs, medical devices, vitamins, powders, shakes or gummies claiming to have vitamin content or health benefits.Exception: Beauty products - Topical beauty products for beauty, haircare, skincare, and personal care that do not make any medical claims.
Pharmaceutical and healthcare products - Including but not limited to any pharmaceutical product claiming health benefits, over-the-counter medicines, prescription drugs, medical devices, vitamins, powders, shakes or gummies claiming to have vitamin content or health benefits.
Exception: Beauty products - Topical beauty products for beauty, haircare, skincare, and personal care that do not make any medical claims.
Shapewear - Including but not limited to products made of elasticated material that give the illusion of a smoother outline underwear-like corsets and micro-thongs.
Sweepstakes and giveaways.
Professional services - Including but not limited to accounting services, legal services, and immigration services.Exception: Taxation services that assist with filing government taxes are allowed.
Professional services - Including but not limited to accounting services, legal services, and immigration services.
Exception: Taxation services that assist with filing government taxes are allowed.
Underwear is allowed as Branded Content in North America, but will be restricted to users aged 18 years and older.
Films, TV shows and games are allowed as Branded Content in North America, but will be restricted to users aged 18 years and older no matter the age rating.
Products or services designed for minors, including but not limited to toys, children's clothing, diapers, baby products, infant food, tutoring services, summer camps, etc. are allowed, but will be restricted to an 18+ audience.
Branded Content promoting products or services designed for minors should not speak to or exhort directly to minors, nor should it appear overly childish in an attempt to appeal to minors.
Branded Content must not promote or reinforce negative or unhealthy body images and must not exploit insecurities to conform to certain beauty ideals or standards. Branded Content must not contain insulting, offensive, or distasteful messaging which could make users feel negative about the way they look, and must not suggest that you must look a certain way, that there's a perfect way to look, or that if you look a certain way you will be more desirable, successful, happy or popular for that reason.
Alcohol - Including but not limited to alcoholic beverages (wine, beer, spirits, etc.), alcohol clubs or subscription services, alcohol-making kits, and alcohol-sponsored events. This includes alcohol-free or non-alcohol alternatives and soft drinks presented as mixers for alcohol.
Cosmetic clinics and medical institutions - cosmetic clinics and medical institutions, including dental surgeries, opticians, cosmetic surgeries, nutritionists, general practitioner services, online pharmacies, and telehealth providers.
Financial services - Including but not limited to loans, buy now pay later services, investment, trading, cryptocurrency, NFTs, debit cards, credit cards, bank accounts, insurance, tax services, budgeting services, and multi-level marketing and pyramid schemes.
Food supplements and vitamins - Including but not limited to vitamins, powders, shakes, after-workout or protein powders, etc., gummies claiming to have vitamin content or health benefits.
Weight loss products or services including but not limited to:Ingestible products claiming to burn fat or help to lose or gain weight such as fat burning pills, appetite suppressants, weight loss, detox teas, lollipopsWeight loss or management fasting products or such services are prohibited.Waist trainers, face and body sculpting products are prohibited.Weight loss injections or surgery are prohibited.
Ingestible products claiming to burn fat or help to lose or gain weight such as fat burning pills, appetite suppressants, weight loss, detox teas, lollipops
Weight loss or management fasting products or such services are prohibited.
Waist trainers, face and body sculpting products are prohibited.
Weight loss injections or surgery are prohibited.
Products or services designed for minors, including but not limited to toys, children's clothing, diapers, baby products, infant food, tutoring services, summer camps, etc. are allowed, but will be restricted to users aged 18 years and older.
The following are prohibited in Branded Content for METAP:
Infant food - Infant food, including but not limited to milk powder, dietary supplements, etc.
Food & Drinks - Content promoting food must respect and adapt to local culture and religious restrictions.
Food supplements and vitamins - Vitamins, powders, shakes, gummies claiming to have vitamin or health benefits.
Cosmetic clinics and medical institutions - Cosmetic clinics and medical institutions, including dental surgeries, opticians, allowed cosmetic treatments, nutritionists, GP services.
Underwear is allowed as Branded Content in METAP, but will be restricted to users aged 18 years and older.
Films, TV shows and Games are allowed as Branded Content in METAP but will be restricted to users aged 18 years and older no matter the age rating.
The below Creative Guidelines apply to Branded Content in METAP:
Cosmetic clinics and medical institutions - Cosmetic clinics and medical institutions, including dental surgeries, opticians, cosmetic surgeries, nutritionists, GP services.
Weight loss products or services - Weight loss or management supplements (including fat burning pills, appetite suppressants, weight loss, detox teas, or lollipops) and fasting services and products.
Real Estate - Real estate services and investment franchise services.
Underwear product with model fitting.
Religious content.
Medical institutions - Medical institutions including dental surgeries, opticians, cosmetic surgeries, nutritionists, GP services.
Age-rated films, TV shows and games - Films, TV shows and games which are rated as only suitable for persons aged 18 years and older.
Financial services - Credit cards, traditional loans, debit cards, and bank accounts are allowed with explicit permission of TikTok and will be restricted to use aged 18 years and older.
Medical institutions, Pharmaceuticals, Healthcare - Ads related to venereal diseases, psychiatry, genitals, breast augmentation, hormones.
Weight loss products or services-including but not limited to weight loss clinics, weight loss or management supplements (including fat burning pills, appetite suppressants, weight loss, detox teas and fasting services and products).
Food supplements and vitamins - Including but not limited to vitamins, powders, shakes, after-workout or protein powders, etc.Products comply with Japanese medical law, Pharmaceutical and Medical Device Act, Act against Unjustifiable Premiums and Misleading Presentations, and various industry guidelines.
Food supplements and vitamins - Including but not limited to vitamins, powders, shakes, after-workout or protein powders, etc.
Products comply with Japanese medical law, Pharmaceutical and Medical Device Act, Act against Unjustifiable Premiums and Misleading Presentations, and various industry guidelines.
Financial services - Including but not limited to loans, credit building or repair services, buy now pay later services, investment, trading, cryptocurrency, NFTs, and multi-level marketing and pyramid schemes.Credit cards, debit cards, and bank accounts are allowed with explicit permission of TikTok and will be restricted to use aged 18 years and older.
Financial services - Including but not limited to loans, credit building or repair services, buy now pay later services, investment, trading, cryptocurrency, NFTs, and multi-level marketing and pyramid schemes.
Credit cards, debit cards, and bank accounts are allowed with explicit permission of TikTok and will be restricted to use aged 18 years and older.
Overseas medical institutions, various financial and real estate services.
Gambling - all gambling products and services, including but not limited to, casinos, sportsbetting, sweepstakes, gambling branding, any content from gambling brands or sponsored by gambling brands.
Professional services - Including but not limited to accounting services, legal services, and immigration services
Religious content
Nightclubs and Brothels- any services that are related to adult entertainment
Sexually oriented adult works (not allowed for minors under 18 years of age) - TV, movies, videos, and games designated as 18 years of age or older and containing adult (sex business) content.
Weight loss products or services - Weight loss, or management supplements (including fat burning pills, appetite suppressants, weight loss, detox teas or lollipops) and fasting services and products.
Pork products.
Weight loss products or services - Weight loss or management supplements (including fat burning pills, appetite suppressants, weight loss, detox teas, or lollipops) and weight loss services like weight loss surgery.
Food supplements and vitamins - Including but not limited to vitamins, powders, shakes, gummies, tablets that claim to have vitamin or health benefits for persons aged 18+ years and older.
Cosmetic clinics and medical institutions - Cosmetic clinics and medical institutions, including dental surgeries, opticians, cosmetic surgeries, nutritionists, GP services for persons aged 18+ years and older.
Energy Drinks.
Food supplements and vitamins - Including but not limited to vitamins, powders, shakes, gummies, tablets that claim to have vitamin or health benefits.
Any other forms of contraceptives or pills.
Raw food or beverages.
Sale of gold piece.
Mimicking gambling.
Weight loss products or services- Weight loss or management supplements (including fat burning pills, appetite suppressants, weight loss, detox teas, or lollipops) and weight loss services like weight loss surgery.
Alcohol - including but not limited to alcohol beverages, alcohol branding, any content from alcohol brands or sponsored by alcohol brands and alcohol-free or no-alcohol drinks from alcohol brands.
Cosmetic clinics and medical institutions - Including but not limited to dental surgeries, opticians, cosmetic surgeries, nutritionists, psychological consulting services, general practitioner services, online pharmacies, and telehealth providers.
Financial services - including but not limited to debit cards, credit cards, bank accounts, insurance, cryptocurrency, forex trading, buy now pay later, and loans.
Professional Services - Accounting and taxation services.
Adoption and surrogacy services.
Infant food - Including but not limited to milk powder, dietary supplements, etc.
Pharmaceuticals, Healthcare, and Medicine products - Clinical trial recruitment, veterinary medicines, etc.
Therapeutic goods - Vitamins and healthcare supplements, sunscreens, medical devices, etc.
Media and Entertainment - Films, TV shows, and games.
Charities.
Contraceptive products and services - condoms are not allowed to be advertised in addition to any products, services, artificial methods, or other techniques - medical or non-medical - to prevent or terminate pregnancies, including abortion-related services.
Energy drinks are allowed, but will be restricted to an 18+ audience.
Skincare products and cosmetics - Including permanent makeup products, etc.
Pharmaceuticals, Healthcare, and Medicine products - clinical trial recruitment, veterinary medicines, medical devices, etc.
Energy drinks are allowed, but will be restricted to user aged 18 years and older.

=== Subpage 8: https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article/tiktok-ads-policy-deceptive-practices ===Our policies prohibit behaviors that are misleading, inauthentic, and deceptive in order to protect the integrity, authenticity, and safety of our users and our platform. Accounts that engage in these behaviors or exhibit patterns of abuse may be suspended or banned.
We do not allow products and services that might expose, steal, or infringe upon individual privacy. We also prohibit any unlawful activities, such as circumventing access restrictions, identity theft, document falsification, and making deceptive claims.
The following are examples of what is not allowed:
The promotion, sale, solicitation, or facilitation of access to products or services that might be or are considered deceptive, misleading, or unlawful, such as:
Unlawfully circumventing technical or other access restrictions to infringe upon intellectual or other property rights
Identity theft or the stealing of any personal information, including through the use of malware, spyware, or any unauthorized or unlawful means of obtaining information
Document falsification, forgery, or counterfeiting
Making deceptive claims, omitting information on fees, charges, and tariffs, or proposing harmful business models
Unwarranted claims or misinformation, including pricing, discount, or promotion information inconsistency
Missing terms and conditions or privacy policy pages
We do not allow the promotion of deceptive, false, or misleading claims about a product or service, setting unrealistic expectations regarding a product or service's effectiveness or characteristics, offering products, services, schemes, or deals at unreasonably low prices compared to the market average to scam individuals out of money or personal data, or distributing a high volume of identical or similar content across one or multiple accounts.
A lack of information on how a product or service can deliver financial outcomes
Misleading ads with no mention of risk
Flaunting or showing off money
Exaggerated financial claims such as:Ambiguous claims on how to get rich with no information as to howExaggerated financial gain from participation in schemes or games, including from government benefitsGuarantees of winning
Exaggerated financial claims such as:
Ambiguous claims on how to get rich with no information as to how
Exaggerated financial gain from participation in schemes or games, including from government benefits
Guarantees of winning
In some cases, the following may be allowed:
Informative ads about how to benefit from public benefits without the promise of high financial gains
Ads that give no guarantee of winning

=== Subpage 9: https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article/tiktok-ads-policy-violence-and-dangerous-activities ===At TikTok, we welcome our community to participate in fun and creative trends. Most activities or challenges are appropriate for everyone and bring people together, but some may carry a risk of injury. Because we aim to ensure a safe and enjoyable experience for everyone, we restrict behaviors and content that may be harmful and do not allow the promotion of dangerous activities and challenges for our users.
We do not allow the display or promotion of dangerous activities and challenges or violence. This may include dares, games, tricks, inappropriate use of dangerous tools, eating substances that are harmful to one's health, or similar activities that may lead to significant physical harm.
Examples of what is not allowed:
The display of bloody or gruesome imagery or graphic images that are likely to shock or scare users, such as crime scenes, images of accidents, or horrific or bloody scenes
Imagery that may cause an uncomfortable user experience such as visuals of sexual fluids, human, or animal waste, visuals that show dirt coming out of pores of the face, or hair being pulled out of drainage
The display of crime, excessive violence, cruelty, or violence towards animals, such as real fighting with bloody scenes, or animal cruelty, such as cock fighting or dog fighting
Depictions of non-consensual touching, non-consensual sexual acts, and sexual violence
Content that may incite fear or panic, which may cause harm to users
Phrases such as "You may be in danger" or "Virus detected, remove it now"
Display of extreme parkour, defined as involving significant height or risk
Potentially inappropriate use of dangerous tools, vehicles, or objects
The depiction or promotion of ingesting substances that are not meant for consumption or could lead to severe harm
Games, dares, or stunts that might lead to injury
Depiction of dangerous or illegal behaviors
Behavior that can be easily copied that may lead to physical harm to an individual or to the public
Encouragement of users to engage in potentially harmful behavior such as messages like "Now it's your turn"
In some cases, the following may be allowed:
The depiction of potentially dangerous behaviors in films, games, and cartoons
Behavior that demonstrates a safety message in an educational context.
Note:These policies are not intended to capture safely depicted extreme sports or clearly professional stunts. Ads may be rejected if the professional nature or sporting context of these exceptions are not clear, or if safety measures are ambiguous. If approved depictions of stunts or extreme sports are easy for people to copy, the ad must be restricted to users aged 18 years and older, and a warning message similar to "Do not try this at home" may be required for approval.
Example of what is not allowed:
Content that features dangerous, harmful, or violent acts
We do not condone violence, and TikTok should not be used as a platform to advocate for war. Ads should not promote, glorify, or advocate for war.
The display of real war scenes
Language or imagery that explicitly promotes, glorifies, or advocates for war, violence, or armed conflict
Ads that profit from ongoing wars
Attempts to tone down or minimize wartime aggression and atrocities
Note:Advocating for stopping wars and armed conflict, and raising awareness of war victims, may be allowed as long as the ad content does not violate our ad policies, including depictions of real war scenes.
We do not allow anyone to promote or provide material support to violent or hateful advertisers on our platform. Visit our Community Guidelines to read more aboutViolent and Hateful Organizations and Individuals.
Providing material support to violent political organizations or promoting violence caused by them
Promoting, such as praising, celebrating, or sharing manifestos, or providing material support to:Hateful organizationsIndividuals who cause serial or mass violence, or promote hateful ideologiesViolent criminal organizationsViolent extremists
Promoting, such as praising, celebrating, or sharing manifestos, or providing material support to:
Hateful organizations
Individuals who cause serial or mass violence, or promote hateful ideologies
Violent criminal organizations
Violent extremists

=== Subpage 10: https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article/tiktok-ads-policy-dangerous-products-or-services ===Our policies aim to prevent the promotion or advertisement of products that could either cause or imply violence or bodily harm. These policies are critical to maintaining a safe environment and a secure user experience on our platform.
We do not allow ad content and landing pages to display or promote the use of dangerous weapons, ammunitions, explosives in real life, or other objects that may cause harm to individuals.
The following are examples of what is not allowed:
Blades, knives, or any such sharp objects
Explosives, flammables, or combustibles, including bombs and bomb-making supplies, flamethrowers, fireworks, or any other similar substances or devices
Guns, gun parts, and ammunition including paintball guns, and BB guns
Batons, nunchucks, taser guns, pepper spray, or self-defense weaponry
In some cases, the following may be allowed:
Toys, water guns, toys that do not look like real weapons
Depictions of weapons in TV dramas, films, and cartoon scenes
Depictions of weapons within video games
Knives* used as utility tools, such as box cutters or pocket knives
Knives* unrestricted by regulations, such as pencil sharpeners and culinary knives
*For knives, ads must target users aged 18 years and older in the following countries:
We do not allow ad content and landing pages to display, promote, sell, solicit, or provide access to police or military gear and equipment.
Police or military uniforms, vests, handcuffs, batons, boots, or any such accessories, equipment, or supplies
Products designed with police or military elements that have been specifically authorized for police or military use
Products and devices designed for general use without special modification for police and military use, such as body cameras or body-worn videos
We do not allow ad content and landing pages to show, promote, or sell tobacco, nicotine, or related products.
The following are examples of tobacco and smoking-related products that are not allowed:
Cigarettes, cigars, tobacco or nicotine, and related products, e-cigarettes, vape pens or vape oils and cartridges, or any other alternative to smoking or consumption of tobacco and nicotine.
Smoking paraphernalia, such as smoking pipes, rolling papers, filters, vaporizers,nicotine pouches, or any other device, equipment, smoking simulants, or apparatus designed for smoking or consumption of tobacco and nicotine.
Smoking paraphernalia, such as smoking pipes, rolling papers, filters, vaporizers,
nicotine pouches, or any other device, equipment, smoking simulants, or apparatus designed for smoking or consumption of tobacco and nicotine.
Promoting site, venue, or facility for smoking or consumption of tobacco and nicotine, such as cigar bars, hookah lounges, or any other setting for similar purposes.
Anti-smoking campaigns
Non-pharmaceutical products or non-medical services that assist in quitting smoking or ending tobacco and nicotine use
Products that are designed or promoted without the use of tobacco or nicotine, such as lighters without mention of tobacco or smoking, may be allowed with age restrictions
Infused products with fragrances, such as perfumes, candles, room sprays, or body lotion
Depiction of smoking in TV dramas, films, games, and cartoon scenes
We do not allow ad content and landing pages to display, promote, sell, solicit, or provide access to illegal drugs, controlled drugs, prescription drug abuse, recreational drugs, drug paraphernalia, accessories, supplies, or their use.
Illegal drugs, controlled drugs, prescription drugs, and drugs for the purpose of recreation, homeopathy, enhancement, performance, and weight loss
Drug paraphernalia, accessories, or supplies
Unauthorized drugstores, pharmacies, or dispensaries
Depiction of drug use, drug abuse, or prescription drug abuse
Depiction of drug-related words, symbols, or images in visuals, audio, or any other form
For prescription drugs, the following requirements must be met in select countries*:
Be approved by the regional regulating authority
Do not include misleading or inaccurate claims
Target users 18 years and older

=== Subpage 11: https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article/tiktok-ads-policy-animals-and-environment ===We want our platform to be a place that respects animals and celebrates the ways that they enrich our lives across different cultures and regions. We do not allow animal abuse, cruelty, neglect, trade, or other forms of animal exploitation. Our policy on animals, animal parts, or animal product content complies with legal standards and aims to create a secure and responsible environment for all our users.
We do not allow the promotion, sale, solicitation, or facilitation of access to live animals, livestock, pets, carcasses, or animal parts.
Examples of what may be allowed:
Products for animals such as toys, clothes, collars, cages, or food
Pet services such as dog walking, pet care, pet cafes, pet grooming, or training
Advertising content related to the adoption of animals is only permitted for non-governmental organizations (NGOs), nonprofit organizations (NPOs), and animal shelters. However, we do not allow the adoption of pedigree or purebred pets or the cross-breeding of pets
Examples of what is not allowed:
Animals, animal body parts, or products derived from:Live animalsAnimals listed as endangered, vulnerable, or threatened
Animals, animal body parts, or products derived from:
Live animals
Animals listed as endangered, vulnerable, or threatened
Animal products or parts derived from:Horns, bones, teeth, and tusksSkin, fur, feathers, hair, scales and finsOffals, fats, and fluids
Animal products or parts derived from:
Horns, bones, teeth, and tusks
Skin, fur, feathers, hair, scales and fins
Offals, fats, and fluids
Sale or adoption of rare, protected plants and animal species
Pet products related to animal abuse such as shock collars and ultrasonic repellers

=== Subpage 12: https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article/tiktok-ads-policy-gambling-and-games ===We prioritize audience safety by regulating gambling and related activities. Our regulations aim to ensure a secure and positive environment for all our community.
Online gambling and gaming service ads may be allowed if the following requirements are met:
Obtain written permission from us.
Provide evidence that the gambling activities are appropriately licensed by a regulator, or otherwise established as lawful in the delivery market.
Only deliver in approved markets.
Do not deliver ads or appeal to young people.

=== Subpage 13: https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article/intellectual-property-infringement-rules-ads ===Copyright is a legal right that protects original works of authorship (e.g., music, videos, etc.). Generally, copyright protects an original expression of an idea (e.g., the specific way a video or music is expressed or created), but does not protect underlying ideas or facts.
The use of copyrighted content by others without proper authorization or legally valid reason may constitute an infringement. At the same time, not all unauthorized uses of copyrighted content constitute an infringement. Exceptions to copyright infringement, such as the fair use doctrine or other applicable laws, allow the use of copyrighted work under certain circumstances.
If you believe someone is infringing your copyright in Ads content, contacting the user directly may resolve your complaint more quickly and you may also file a Copyright Infringement Report to us.In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) or similar laws, as may be applicable in other countries, we only have a legal liability to deal with copyright complaints from copyright owners or someone authorized to report on their behalf. If you aren't the copyright owner or an authorized representative, we won't be able to process your report here. You may return to file a report for non-right holders.
Before submitting a notification, please be aware that intentionally submitting a misleading or fraudulent report may lead to liability for damages under section 512(f) of the DMCA or similar laws as may be applicable in other countries.
Start a Copyright Infringement Report
A trademark is a word, symbol, slogan, design, or combination of any of the foregoing that identifies the source of a product or service and distinguishes it from other products or services.
The use of a trademark of others without proper authorization or legally valid reason may constitute an infringement. At the same time, the use of another’s trademark for purposes of accurately referencing, lawfully commenting, criticizing, parodying, or reviewing the trademark owner’s products or services, or for purposes of comparing them to other products or services, where the mark is not used to designate the user’s own goods or services or those of a third party, is generally not considered a violation of our policies.
If you believe someone is infringing your trademark right in Ads content, contacting the user directly may resolve your complaint more quickly and you may also file a Trademark Infringement Report with us.According to rules and policies under trademark law, as may be applicable in some countries, we only have a legal liability to deal with trademark complaints from trademark owners or someone authorized to report on their behalf. If you aren't the trademark owner or an authorized representative, we won't be able to process your report here. You may return to file a report for non-right holders.
Before submitting a notification, please be aware that intentionally submitting a misleading or fraudulent report may lead to liability for damages under laws as may be applicable in some countries.
Start a Trademark Infringement Report

=== Subpage 14: https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article/commerce-policies ===After Conversion Experience (ACE) is the user experience that begins once a transaction for goods (either physical or virtual), services, or interactions is initiated on our platform.
At TikTok, we aim to maximize value for customers and businesses. We're dedicated to enhancing the After Conversion Experience (ACE) for our users.
This guideline applies to all advertisers registered on our platform and agree to theTikTok For Business Commercial Terms of ServiceandTikTok Partner Privacy Policy.
ACE evaluation
Our platform's negative feedback on advertising content, goods or services, transactions, after-sales services, and conversion behaviors during the process of purchasing goods or services after users browse and click on ads may include:
User complaints
Reports
Comments
Reviews of goods and services
We hold the right to conduct an ACE Evaluation for your performances.
Actively communicate with users during the contract fulfillment process to resolve user demands and avoid causing negative user experience
Do not engage in any illegal, criminal and unethical activities, such as fraud, gambling, prostitution, pyramid schemes, illegal medical practice
Do not illegally collect and dispose users’ personal information, such as reselling customer info
Do not provide goods or services that violate the requirements of laws and regulations, nor may infringe on the personal and property safety of users, such as providing counterfeit and shoddy products
Do not attempt to impersonate or misuse other brands through the use of the same trademark, this includes using TikTok Shop overlay without prior authorization
Do not falsely promote or defraud users, such as products or services, prices, gifts, after-sales services that are inconsistent with advertising content, advertiser commitments, and contract agreements
Do not induce users to pay or purchase goods or services against their true wishes, such as malicious deductions, unauthorized increases, hidden charges
Ensure post-sales services are fulfilled promptly, such as delivering the product or service on time
About ad quality and user experience
Ad quality is the measurement of the experience our users have when they see the ads and reach the landing page.
We will collect feedback from people who make purchases across our platform and share this feedback to help you understand how your business meets customer expectations. Refer to your ACE page of TikTok Ads Manager (TTAM) for more details.
If any feedback, including a significant amount of negative feedback, indicates that you aren't complying with our ACE policies, the account may lose its ability to advertise. Learn more inBest practices for maintaining a healthy ACE account.
TikTok Shop Quality Score
To ensure a positive user experience, the quality score of your TikTok shop may impact your ability to run ads. Shops that consistently maintain low-quality scores may see limitations on their ad reach and frequency until improvements are made.
How It Works:
Higher quality scoreslead to broader ad distribution and increased visibility, rewarding shops that provide excellent service and customer satisfaction.
Shops with lower scoresmay experience restricted ad exposure until their performance improves to meet platform standards.
Advertisers facing ad limitations due to low-quality scores will receive a detailed notification explaining the issues, along with recommended steps for improvement. An appeal process is available through the advertiser portal to address any concerns.
How ad quality and user experience impacts your ad accounts
Better ad quality means better performance, higher positions, and lower costs.
If your ads go against our guidelines, or could harm us or users, we might take actions that impact your ad account, depending on the context and severity of the violation.
Your ad account behavior determines:
Eligibility: Ads must meet our quality standards to be displayed
Position in search results: Higher-quality ads are placed higher, based on your ad account's performance
Pay-per-click cost: Higher quality ads typically cost less per click
Ad performance: High-quality ads often lead to more clicks and conversions
There are different stages for each ACE policy violation. Once you receive a violation, you will have a 48 hours to amend any similar content to prevent additional violations. The original violation will still be applied to your account.
ACE policy violation levels
Complaints are typically submitted by an affected individual or organization. If you receive any complaints, we will take appropriate action based on the situation.
The processing timeline starts from the date a complaint is issued. We will review the supporting evidence and plans provided by both you and the complainant. Our decisions will be fair, based on feedback and details from our users and platform.
Following the deadline doesn't release you from other legal responsibilties and agreements.
If you don't meet the deadline, we can cancel your ad plan, block new accounts, or freeze your account and deposit.
Complaint types and handling
If you believe your account was restricted or suspended in error, submit anAppeal Request, seeAppeal rejected ad with One Click Appeal for Other Ad Typesfor details.
To keep your account healthy, follow these recommendations to manage customer expectations:
Clearly present your products
Ensure that your pictures, videos, and all ad content accurately represent what you're offering
Match dimensions, sizes, materials, and other product details with what's stated in the ad
If you source goods from suppliers, maintain quality control and ship on time as promised
Set transparent shipping expectations
Provide door-to-door shipping times, consider processing times, item availability, and shipping costs
Whenever possible, provide tracking information for customers to monitor their packages
Provide essential customer service
Clearly state return policies as advertised on your website
If you're in a different time zone, specify response times to customer inquiries
Limit the frequency of in-app ads
Avoid overwhelming users with excessive in-app advertisements.
A high volume of ads can lead to frustration, app abandonment, and a negative perception of your brand.
Maintain a balanced ad experience that complements, rather than disrupts, user engagement.
Be transparent about costs and features
Clearly communicate any potential expenses related to app features or services upfront.
Unexpected charges, hidden fees, or paywalls for essential features can erode trust and lead to negative reviews.
Ensure ad content accurately reflects the product or service experience
Align your ad content messaging with the actual features, functionality, or services offered by your product or service.
Misleading ads that depict unrealistic capabilities or services can lead to user disappointment and decreased customer retention.
Set realistic expectations for products and services
When promoting products or services, avoid implying guaranteed outcomes or unrealistic delivery timelines.
Clearly outline eligibility requirements, processes, and potential limitations to prevent misunderstandings and maintain customer trust.
Comply with our general ad policies.Visit our Business Help Center to read about ourTikTok Ad Policies.

=== Subpage 15: https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article/tiktok-ads-policy-intellectual-property-infringement ===At TikTok, we prioritize safeguarding creators and their original products. Ads that infringe on the intellectual property rights of others, including copyright, trademark, and distributing or selling counterfeit goods, are not allowed.
We do not allow the use of third-party brands without authorization. Visit our Help Center to read more about ourIntellectual Property Infringement Rules for Ads.
Examples of what is not allowed:
Use of clips from any unauthorized media sources to promote your product or service
Display or use of unauthorized third-party names, logos, or brands in a way that could mislead users about your brand affilitation
We do not allow ad content and landing pages to display or promote counterfeit products. The promotion, sale, solicitation, or facilitation of counterfeit products, replicas, and imitations such as pirated digital products without authorization of the brand owner or trademark owner.
Non-genuine products passed off as genuine goods of a brand or trademark owner
Replicas, imitations, or similar unauthorized items
We do not allow ad content and landing pages to display elements related to TikTok, such as the TikTok logo or descriptions like "TikTok Bestseller". We also do not allow attempts to imply any sponsorship, endorsement, or partnership with TikTok or ByteDance products without our permission.

=== Subpage 16: https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article/about-tiktok-advertising-policies-for-promote ===Promote is an advertising tool you can use in the TikTok app to help people discover your videos, guide more people to your website, and improve your chances to gain followers. This means that your video will be displayed as an ad for the time that you promote your video.
Comply with TikTok’sTerms of Service,Community Guidelines, andAdvertising Policies.Content that does not comply with any of these rules may be removed or subject to other restrictions.We may update these rules periodically, for instance, if we need to reflect any changes to applicable laws or regulations. In some instances, we may need to apply them to content you have already posted, for example, if a new law requires us to no longer display certain types of content.
Comply with TikTok’sTerms of Service,Community Guidelines, andAdvertising Policies.
Content that does not comply with any of these rules may be removed or subject to other restrictions.
We may update these rules periodically, for instance, if we need to reflect any changes to applicable laws or regulations. In some instances, we may need to apply them to content you have already posted, for example, if a new law requires us to no longer display certain types of content.
Promote is only available for public videos.
You can only promote videos that use original sound or sounds that can be used for commercial purposes. TheCommercial Music Libraryis our library of more than 1,000,000 commercial sounds that can be used for your Promote video.
Be 18 years of age or older.
Agree and acknowledge the "Promote Terms of Service" andTikTok Privacy Policywhen prompted during campaign setup.
Government, Politician, and Political Party Accounts (GPPPAs) are not eligible to use Promote. For more information about monetization policies for GPPPAs, read ourGovernment, Politician, and Political Party Accountspolicy.
Political content and tobacco and nicotine-related content are not allowed. Read ourTikTok Advertising Policiesto learn what other products and services are not allowed.

=== Subpage 17: https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article/tiktok-ads-policy-politics-religion-and-culture ===At TikTok, users can share political content organically as long as it's in line with ourCommunity Guidelines. However, we do not allow political content to feature in advertising. We also do not allow content that disrespects religious elements, cultures, or figures, or any hateful behavior, hate speech, or the promotion of hateful ideologies.
We do not allow ads featuring political content across any of our monetization features, including paid ads, creators being paid to makebranded political content, and other promotional tools on the platform. We also impose prohibitions at theaccountlevel for advertisers we identify as politicians and political parties, who are not able to create advertising accounts or access advertising features.
The types of advertisers that are not allowed to advertise on our platform:
Candidates or nominees for public office, political parties, elected or appointed government officials
The spouses of candidates, elected, or appointed government officials with official duties or offices
Royal Family members with official government capacities
Government entities may be eligible to advertise if managed by a TikTok Sales Representative.
Examples of what is not allowed:
Referencing, promoting, or opposing candidates or nominees for public office, political parties, or elected or appointed government officials
Advocacy for or against past, current, or proposed referenda, ballot measures, and legislative, judicial, or regulatory outcomes or processes. This includes ads that promote or attack government policies or track records.
Referencing, promoting, or selling merchandise that features prohibited individuals, entities, or content, including campaign slogans, symbols, or logos
References to an election, including voter registration, voter turnout, and appeals for votes, such as ads that encourage people to vote
At TikTok, we do not allow content that disrespects religious elements, cultures, or figures.
Sensitive religious content, such as disrespectful actions, words, or symbols towards a religion
Reference to religious figures or leaders in a negative manner
Claims that faith-based healing, counseling, or miracle-working can treat, cure, or alleviate physical, emotional, or mental health

=== Subpage 18: https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article/non-governmental-organization-and-non-profit-organization ===TikTok is deeply committed to inspiring creativity and bringing joy to all of our users. We allow non-governmental organizations (NGOs) or non-profit organizations (NPOs) to advertise in limited circumstances through an approval process. This allows qualified NGOs and NPOs to advertise on TikTok. To do this, NGOs and NPOs must work with a TikTok Sales Representative, and their promoted content must follow ourTikTok Advertising PoliciesandCommunity Guidelines. To ensure a positive experience for all TikTok users, ads must follow our advertising policies.
NGO and NPO eligibility varies by market for account registration. Review theNon-governmental organization requirements by marketsection to understand how to qualify for advertising in your target market.
Your NGO can be registered as a civil association or foundation, and must be registered in the country as a legal entity. Your NGO can be found on theNational Registry for Legal Entities.
Must be registered with the Australian Charities and Not-for-profits Commission (ACNC)
NGOs and charities for issue-based causes require case by case evaluation
Must not be promoted or sponsored by a prohibited industry. For example, a gambling brand promoting a charity.
You must be registered with theFederal Foundation and Fund Registeror with theFederal Ministry of the Interior.
Fundraisers: You must present the legal documentation, such as a Business License, indicating that you are permitted to collect donations in the targeted market.
NGO: You must present the legal documentation, such as a Business License, indicating that you are an NGO that is permitted to conduct this business in the targeted market.
NGOs should register with the Ministry of Justice.
501(c)(3) NGOs cannot target this market.
You must be registered with Federal Public Service Finance (UBO register).
You must be registered as a legal entity in one of the following:
Co-ops
Religious organizations
Private non-profit associations
You must be either a local association/NGO or a foreign association/NGO and meet credentials that demonstrate registration with the relevant regulatory body:
Local Associations/NGOs must provide all of the below:
A Letter of Approval on Registration of a Local Association or Local NGO issued by the Ministry of Interior ("MOI")
Statute of Local Association or Local NGO approved by the МОІ
A Certificate of Tax Registration issued by the General Department of Taxation ("GDT")
A Tax Registration Identification Card issued by the GDT and a Letter of Tax Compliance issued by the GDT.
Foreign Associations/NGOs must produce all of the following:
Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) signed with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation ("MOFAIC")
Certificate of Tax Registration issued by the GDT
Tax Registration Identification Card issued by the GDT and
Letter of Tax Compliance issued by the GDT
Note:The transparency report must publicly display fund allocation information, such as the quantity of funds the NGO or NPO has received and a breakdown of how the funds are used.
You must demonstrate registration as a legal entity in one of the following:
Foundations
Indigenous communities
Private non-profit associations or corporations
Non-profit organizations or non-profit legal entities
Associations
Unions
You must be registered with the Danish Business Authority.
You must demonstrate registration as a legal entity as Non-Profit Associations ("ASFL").
Your NGO must be registered as a non-profit social association. It must be registered in the country as a legal entity.
A list of NGOs can be found at theNational Registry for Legal Entities.
You must be registered with the Finnish Register of Foundations.
You must be registered as an association or foundation with French authorities.
You must be registered as an association, foundation, non-profit limited liability company, or non-profit entrepreneurial company.
Verify by checking theCommon Register Portal of the German Federal Statesfor associations, non-profit limited liability companies, or non-profit entrepreneurial companies.
For foundations, check the registers of the respective states. A non-exhaustive overview can be found in the database of theFederal Association of German Foundations.
Advertising NGOs must be legal persons of private law, of a non-profit nature. They are not public administration agencies.
Civil Associations or Organizations
You must be registered with the Hungarian Court of Registry.
Only an NGO or NPO that is classified as a mass organization with legal entity status, such as an association or a foundation, is allowed. Registered associations and foundations must be found on the Ministry of Law and Human Rights website and related certificates must be provided:
Association:https://ahu.go.id/pencarian/profil-perkumpulan
Foundation:https://ahu.go.id/pencarian/profil-yayasan
Note:NGOs or NPOs collecting donations must present an option for the minimum donation amount to be Rp. 25,000 or lower.
You must be registered with the Charities Regulatory Authority.
You must be registered with theRegistrar of Charitable Trust, aka the Registrar of Public Endowments.
In order to be legally recognized, the Italian foundation must be registered with the regional authority of the city it was established in.
You must be a registered Non-governmental Organization (NGO) or Non-profit organization (NPO) with the Japanese competent authority.
You must be registered with the Ministry of Justice.
You must be able to provide at least one of the following certificates or registration documents:
Certificate of Registration - issued by the Registrar of Societies for societies registered under the Societies Act
Certificate of Incorporation - issued by the Legal Affairs Division of the Prime Minister's Department for trustees incorporated as a body corporate trust under the Trustees (Incorporation) Act 1952
Tax exemption certificate - issued by the Inland Revenue Board to organisations that satisfy criteria for tax exemption
Your NGO can be registered as a civil association or a corporation, a private assistance institution, or a foundation or trust. You must be registered in the country as a legal entity.
The legal name of the NGO must end with AC, SC, or IAP.
Must be on the National Charities Register.
Must not be promoted or sponsored by a prohibited industry, such as a gambling brand promoting a charity.
You must be registered with the Register of Non-Profit Organisations and in the Central Coordinating Register for Legal Entities.
You must be registered as a Non-governmental organization (NGO) or Non-profit organization (NPO) with at least one of the following institutions:
Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC")
Bureau of Internal Revenue ("BIR")
Philippine Council for NGO Certification
Department of Social Welfare and Development ("DSWD")
You must be registered with the National Court Register.
Your NGO must have legal personality and be registered with the National Registry of Legal Persons (RNPC).
You must be registered through the general registry of the Ministry of Justice.
Advertisers operating as NGOs with more than 10 people or are conducting fundraising activities must be registered with the Singaporean Commissioner of Charities.
The landing page must have links through which the "transparency report" of the NGO or NPO can be accessed. The transparency report must not be older than 24 months old from the date of submitting the ad for review to TikTok.
Note:The transparency report must publicly display fund allocation information, such as quantity of funds the NGO or NPO has received and a breakdown of how the funds are used.
South Korea
You must provide proof of registration as one of the following:
Non-profit voluntary organisation (비영리임의단체)
Non-profit private organisation (비영리민간단체)
Non-profit corporation (비영리사단법인), Non-profit foundation(비영리재단법인)
Social cooperatives (사회적협동조합)
Social welfare organisation (사회복지법인)
Founders must register with the Registry of Associations.
You must also register your association with the Swedish Tax Agency (Skatteverket).
NGOs can be associations or foundations.
For associations, no registration is required unless the association runs a commercial business or is subject to auditing.
For foundations, you must verify by checking theStiftungsverzeichnis (foundation directory).
Taiwan
Advertisers promoting HPV Vaccine Awareness Campaign must provide a License of Public Interest Associations (公益社团法人注册证书) from the Ministry of the Interior (内政部) in Taiwan.
Other NGOs: Case-by-case
Local advertising NGO or NPOs must generally have a Department of Provincial Administration (DOPA) Certificate.
Turkey
You must be registered with theUK Charity CommissionRegistration.
At this time, only advertisers with a 501(c)3 IRS designation are eligible to advertise. Eligible organizations also must be approved on the allowlist prior to advertising.
Vietnam
You must be either a local or foreign NGO, social or charity fund, or a private establishment with credentials that demonstrate registration with the relevant regulatory body:
Foreign NGOs must have either one of the following:
Certificate of Registration of Operations
Certificate of Registration for Establishment of the Project Office
Certificate of Registration for Establishment of a Representative Office.
Social funds and charity funds must be:
Registered under the Licence for Fund Establishment and Fund Charter Recognition
Private establishments must be registered by one of the following:
The issuance by a Certificate of Establishment Registration
Certificate of Operation Registration

=== Subpage 19: https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article/advertising-on-tiktok-first-things-to-note ===Before getting started:TikTok Advertising Policies - Ad Creativesapply to all of TikTok's paid advertising products.
As an advertiser on TikTok, you are responsible for yourads. This means complying with all applicable laws, rules and regulations that apply to the targeted regions (including any advertising codes, such as theCAP Non-broadcast Code in the UK), creating and promoting honest, safe, and respectful ads. Additionally, you must comply with ourTerms of Service,Community Guidelines, and all of TikTok's policies found in ourBusiness Help Centergoverning the use of our services. We strive to keep up with changing times and regulations and are committed to providing a better user experience when viewing TikTok Ads.
We provide information about the types of products and services that can be advertised through TikTok ads. Please take a moment to review if the products or services that you intend to promote are acceptable in the desired target region.
From time to time, we may invite advertisers to participate in alpha and beta tests in select industries that are otherwise still considered prohibited or restricted. Participants are subject to confidentiality (per8.4 of the Commercial Terms of Service) and may be subject to additional requirements. We may choose to revoke participation or discontinue the alpha or beta tests at any time, and will strive to keep you informed if testing results in any material changes to our advertising policies.
There may be circumstances where our advertising policies might be amended by ourindustry pilot program, for which we put in place appropriate risk mitigations for the opening of new industries.
For matters relating to intellectual property infringement, seeIntellectual Property Infringement Rules for Ads.
These policies serve as a guideline to review the eligibility of an advertisement placed with us by advertisers.
As part of the TikTok ads review process, we take the following into consideration:
Eligibility of the promoted product or servicesAd content which includes:Caption or textImages or visual contentAudio contentAny other content that forms part of the ad that would be published to target audience
Eligibility of the promoted product or services
Ad content which includes:
Caption or text
Images or visual content
Audio content
Any other content that forms part of the ad that would be published to target audience
Targeted market and age group
Consistency between an ad and the landing page
Functionality and eligibility of landing page
In order for your ads to run smoothly and successfully on our platform, it is important for your business and ad content to be compliant with all of our policies.
While some TikTok ads might take longer than usual for the review process to complete, most are reviewed within 24 hours. Once your ad has been approved and published, you will receive a notification. If the ad is rejected and there are changes that can be made to help publish your ad, you will be notified through Ad Group on the TikTok Ads Manager platform.
If your TikTok Ads have been rejected due to non-compliance with our policies, review the details of the disapproval, edit the ad, and submit them for re-review.
To edit your ad:
Start at yourTikTok Ads Managerdashboard.
SelectNotificationsto review the details of rejection. It will be shown in yourAd Groupas suggestions.
Recreate or amend your ad based on the information in the received notification. Read ourHow to Edit Ad Settings | TikTok Ads Managerarticle for more details.
Saveyour changes. Once saved, your ad will be submitted for re-review.
If you cannot edit your ads or feel it was mistakenly rejected, request a review of the decision viaAdvertiser Support. Visit ourView Campaign or Ad Status | TikTok Ads Managerpage for more details.
Start at yourTikTok Ads Managerdashboard.From the bottom-right corner select the?icon. orFrom the top-right corner, selectCustomer Support, or from the bottom-right, select theHelpicon.
From the bottom-right corner select the?icon. or
From the top-right corner, selectCustomer Support, or from the bottom-right, select theHelpicon.

=== Subpage 20: https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article/list-of-regional-self-regulatory-ad-codes-for-the-european-union ===As an advertiser on TikTok, you are responsible for creating and promoting honest, safe, and respectfulads. This means complying with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations that apply to your targeted markets, including any regional advertising codes. Additionally, you must comply with ourTerms of Service,Community Guidelines, and all of TikTok's policies found in ourBusiness Help Centergoverning the use of our services.
We strive to keep up with changing times and regulations, and are committed to providing a better user experience when viewing ads.
Refer to the following self-regulatory codes and follow other local regulations in the targeted markets.

=== Subpage 21: https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article/government-agency-advertisers ===At TikTok, we have a longstanding policy of not allowing political advertising, including both paid ads and creators being paid to make branded political content. We recognize that there will be occasions when official government organizations may have a reason to advertise on TikTok, for example, to promote public health initiatives like COVID-19 booster programs. We'll continue to allow government organizations to advertise in limited circumstances. To do this, governments must work with a TikTok Sales Representative, and the promoted content must follow ourTikTok Advertising PoliciesandCommunity Guidelines.

=== Subpage 22: https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article/tiktok-ads-policy-other-products-and-services ===Our policies are carefully set to ensure that the TikTok platform remains a safe and healthy space for its diverse community. We aim to create an environment where users can take part in a positive community experience.
Ad content and landing pages advertising services related to tax planning, tax accounting, and tax declaration are generally allowed.
Country-specific requirements:
Accounting and taxation content is allowed with restrictions in the following countries:
Accounting and taxation content is not allowed in the following countries:
Energy drinks are not allowed in the following countries:
Ad content and landing pages advertising legal services, including those provided by law firms, lawyers, counseling services, and other legal advice applications are allowed with restrictions or prohibited based on the market. Country-specific requirements are listed below.
Law firm content is allowed with restrictions in the following countries:
Law firm content is not allowed in the following countries:
Legal counseling service content is allowed with restrictions in the following countries:
Legal counseling service content is not allowed in the following countries:
Other legal service content, including legal consulting, lawyer hiring, and arbitration services, is allowed with restrictions in the following countries:
Other legal service content, including legal consulting, lawyer hiring, and arbitration services, is not allowed in the following countries:
Ad content for movies, games and television must use age-targeting that is in line with market industry age certification requirements.
We do not allow insulting words or actions or gestures in ad content.
Jump scares, visuals of horror or supernatural characters may be used in ad creatives provided they appear after the first 6 seconds.
Brief or incidental references to and depictions of alcohol are allowed in film, television, and game trailers, provided 18+ age targeting is in place. All references must be moderate, must not feature specific brands or minors, and must not glamorize alcohol use and consumption in the following countries:
All mentions or clips of any films, TV shows, or video, computer, or phone game, regardless of age rating, are not allowed in the following countries:
Businesses or organizations that carry out services related to land and buildings, including those engaged in the development, construction, management, marketing, and brokerage of real estate must:
Comply with relevant laws and be registered and licensed with regional authorities.
Disclose advertiser information and contact details on landing pages.
If your promoted brand or product is classified as HFSS according to local regulations in your target market, we require you to disclose this to us. For auction ads, you can declare HFSS status yourself when uploading a new ad group. For reservation ads, you should liaise with your TikTok representative.
Ads for HFSS products must target users aged 18 years and older in the following countries:
Ads for HFSS products are not allowed in the following countries:
This policy addresses the promotion of various agricultural products, including chemical fertilizers, agricultural agents controlling pests and diseases, substances regulating plant growth, pesticides, plant nutrients, toxic elements, and plant foods, such as products supporting plant growth and protection.
Chemical fertilizer and pesticide content is not allowed in the following countries:
Chemical fertilizer and pesticide content is allowed with restrictions in the following countries:
Chemical fertilizer and pesticide content is allowed in the following countries:
Underwear and shapewear, including bras, thongs, microthongs, underwear, and any kind of shapewear shown on or off a model, are not allowed in the following countries:
Swimwear, including micro-bikinis, cut-out bikinis, and bikini bottoms are prohibited in the following markets:
We prohibit the promotion of services and activities that are unsuitable, illegal, or that violate ourCommunity Guidelines.
The following are examples of what is not allowed:
Abortion services
Hazardous chemical products
Modeling or influencer recruitment opportunities
Prenatal sex determination services
Human organs or human tissue trading, transplanting, or similar activities
Funeral services
Random, surprise, mystery, or blind boxes that claim to include luxury items or high-cost goods
A virtual private network (VPN) is a mechanism for creating a secure connection between a computing device and a computer network, or between two networks, using an insecure communication medium such as the public internet.
VPN service content is not allowed in the following countries:
VPN service content is allowed with restrictions in the following countries:
VPN services used for copyright infringement purposes or bypassing subscription walls are not allowed.
VPN service content is allowed in the following countries:
We do not allow products or services that offer precise predictions or solutions to certain areas, or other similar items.
Horoscope service content is not allowed in the following countries:
Horoscope service content is allowed with restrictions in the following countries:
Horoscope service content is allowed in the following countries:

=== Subpage 23: https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article/tiktok-ads-policy-misleading-and-false-content ===TikTok Shop Academy

=== Subpage 24: https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article/tiktok-ads-policy-alcohol ===We are committed to the safety and well-being of our community. Our focus is to prioritize and protect community interests when allowing the promotion of alcohol.
Our advertising policy for alcohol is based on applicable local laws and regulations. To advertise, promote, sell, or feature branding of alcoholic products and beverages, you must comply with the following requirements as well as themarket-specific requirements:
Promote products that are permissible in approved countries.
Clearly state the alcoholic content and strength of a beverage and carry a responsible drinking disclaimer on ad content and landing pages.
Obtain and submit all necessary licenses from authorized regulators or be established as lawful in markets you want to target.
Examples of what is not allowed in ad content or on landing pages:
Targeting or appealing to people below the legal drinking age
Featuring people below the age of 25
Featuring pregnant people
Portrayal of excessive drinking, intoxication, or reckless behavior under the influence of alcohol
Offering alcohol as a prize or reward, or promoting any offers or incentives encouraging the consumption of alcohol.
Sale and delivery services of alcoholic beverages**May be allowed in certain markets, seemarket-specific requirementsfor more details.
Sale and delivery services of alcoholic beverages*
*May be allowed in certain markets, seemarket-specific requirementsfor more details.
Note:Select alcoholic beverages are currently undergoing testing in some markets. From time to time, we may invite you to participate in alpha and beta tests in select industries that are otherwise still considered prohibited or restricted. Participants are subject to confidentiality (per section8.4 of the Commercial Terms of Service) and may be subject to additional requirements. We may choose to revoke participation or discontinue the alpha or beta tests at any time, and will strive to keep you informed if testing results in any material changes to our advertising policies.

=== Subpage 25: https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article/discrimination-harassment-bullying ===At TikTok, we welcome creative freedom and speech, but to maintain safety for everyone, we do not allow any inappropriate or offensive content.
The following are examples of what is not allowed:
Content that is derogatory, inflammatory, or demeaning
Content that is distasteful, disrespectful, or profane
Content that contains coarse language or insulting actions
Content that exploits sensitive events or topics, such as disasters, or attacks
Discrimination
We do not allow hateful behavior, hate speech, inappropriate glorification or promotion of hateful ideologies.
Examples of what is not allowed:
Targeting individuals or organizations based on protected attributes, such as race, ethnicity, national origin, tribe, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, religion, caste, age, family status, immigration status, disability, or medical or genetic conditions
Promoting violence, exclusion, segregation, discrimination, and other harms on the basis ofprotected attributes
Demeaning someone on the basis of their protected attributes by saying or implying they are physically, mentally, or morally inferior, or calling them degrading terms, such as criminals, animals, and inanimate objects
Using hateful slurs associated with protected attributes
Promoting or advertising conversion therapy or related programs that attempt to change a person’s sexual orientation or gender identity
Intentionally targeting people who are transgender or gender non-conforming by referring to them using their former name or gender rather than their current name or expressed gender, such as deadnaming or misgendering
Promoting hateful ideologies or claiming supremacy over a group of people on the basis of protected attributes
Facilitating the trade of items that promote hate speech or hateful ideologies, such as books and clothing with hateful logos
Content that praises, promotes, glorifies, or supports hateful ideologies
Harassment and bullying
We do not allow language or behavior that harasses, humiliates, threatens, or doxxes anyone.
Degrading someone or expressing disgust on the basis of their personal characteristics or circumstances, such as their physical appearance, intellect, personality traits, and hygiene
Showing someone being physically bullied by another person or group
Promoting coordinated harassment of a person or attempting to create conflict between people, such as calling for others to flood comments with abusive language
Expressing a desire for a person to die, get a serious disease, or experience other severe physical harm
Threatening or encouraging others to doxx, share account information, blackmail, or hack someone’s account
Degrading victims of violent tragedies, such as claiming that they deserved to die or that surviving members are lying about the event

=== Subpage 26: https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article/actor-policy ===As an advertiser, you play a central role in driving the success of your campaigns. This article provides essential tools and guidance to help you achieve campaign success by outlining key rules and guidelines within our Advertiser Account Policy and explains the evaluation methods used to assess advertiser behavior.
Our advertiser account policies take a broader approach by encompassing not only the content posted on the platform but also the actions and behaviors of our advertisers. These policies address any attempts to bypass, circumvent, or interfere with TikTok's policies, moderation processes, or systems. We adopt this comprehensive perspective, ensuring a holistic evaluation of advertisers' activities, to promote a secure and trustworthy advertising environment.
We do not allow advertisers to circumvent, evade, or interfere with our advertising systems and processes.
Examples of what is not allowed:
Bypassing moderation procedures
Manipulating the platform for personal gain
Engaging in actions that disrupt ad-related operations
We do not allow the promotion of any form of scam on our platforms.
Promoting content designed to deceive or mislead users
Presenting false information to promote job opportunities, products, or services
Advertising deceptive content encouraging users to engage in scams, including those that are executed outside of TikTok’s ecosystem
We do not allow any activities or attempts to mislead users into buying an inauthentic product.
To ensure that advertisers are authentic and well-intended, documents may be required to verify that the business or organization is eligible to advertise in TikTok. For more information, read ourAcceptable Documents for Business Verificationarticle.
Impersonating a public figure
Submitting falsified or inauthentic documents
Abusing TikTok for Business features, intending to deceive or misrepresent identities, credentials or affiliations
Advertisers are required to use legitimate and approved payment methods for all advertising activities and comply with our payment policies to avoid potential account suspension.
To safeguard advertiser information and privacy, our advertiser account policies are designed to combat any attempts to steal accounts, extract user data, or install unauthorized malicious software. As an advertiser, you are required to uphold the highest standards of data security and privacy to maintain the integrity of the platform.
The unauthorized access or control of your ad account is not allowed as breaches can facilitate malicious activities, including the manipulation of sensitive information and unauthorized financial transactions.
In the event of a suspected account takeover, the compromised account will be temporarily suspended to mitigate potential harm to both advertisers and users, and the account will be securely restored to its rightful owner.
At TikTok, we are dedicated to maintaining a safe and trustworthy advertising environment for our users and advertising partners. Transparency and responsible advertising practices are core values that guide our platform's operations. To uphold the integrity of our ecosystem, we reserve the right to evaluate and assess advertiser behavior.
Our review processes may involve manual reviews or automated tools to detect policy violations and risky behavior. Depending on the severity of the situation, enforcement actions may include temporary or permanent suspension from all Bytedance platforms or full traffic control restrictions for TikTok. These measures are essential to ensure a secure and reliable advertising experience for everyone.
If your account has been suspended, read ourAbout suspended ad accounts on TikTokarticle for more details.

=== Subpage 27: https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article/tiktok-ads-policy-ad-format-and-functionality ===At TikTok, we strive to provide our users with a positive experience by requiring that advertisements on our platform follow certain technical formatting and functionality guidelines to ensure quality, consistency, and clarity.
Landing pages must be functional. Ensure that your landing page functions properly on the network of the targeted market. Different types of ads have different requirements for URL links that redirect users from the ad content. For more information, refer to ourTikTok Ad Specifications.
If your ad or landing page does not meet our Ad Format and Functionality requirements, the performance of your ad may be affected. Based on various quality signals, including automated machine review, human review, and user engagement signals, your ad may be rejected, receive fewer impressions, or your ad's cost-per-impression may increase.
Examples of what is not allowed:
Landing pages that are expired, erroneous, or under construction
Landing pages with incomplete content or information
Landing pages with insufficient original content or having a high ratio of ads relative to original content
Landing pages that are not mobile-friendly
Landing pages that automatically download files
Landing pages that require users to download additional programs or enter personal information in order to access the main content on the landing page
Use of a paid or unpaid Hashtag Challenge (HTC) page as a landing page
E-commerce ads must display complete and accurate information on the landing page.
The valid information required by local law includes, but is not limited to:
Contact details such as telephone number, email address, or optional fax number
Company name
Company address
Business license
Price displayed in local currency
Shipping information
Return and refund policy
Terms and conditions
Privacy policy
Certain countries or territories may require more information. Contact your TikTok Sales Representative for more information.
If you have not provided suitable and sufficient information, and your ad placement is rejected, you will receive a notification to provide additional information in order for the ad to be approved.
Lead ads must include a privacy policy. Learn moreabout TikTok lead generation solutions.
The following are privacy policy requirements:
Be clearly displayed and easy to find.
Comply with applicable data protection regulations.
In theLink URLfield, enter a link to the privacy policy page or a landing page that displays the clauses of your privacy policy.
Do not use our lead ads product to collect the following information from users, unless you have received written consent from a TikTok Sales Representative:
Information about or revealing racial or ethnic origin
Information about or revealing political opinions or political affiliations
Information about or revealing religious or philosophical beliefs
Information about or revealing trade union membership status
Information concerning health, such as medical history, disabilities, mental or physical condition, or medical treatments
Information concerning a person’s sex life
Information concerning a person’s sexual orientation, including what gender(s) the person identifies with
Information about criminal allegations, arrests, proceedings or convictions of related security measures
Government-issued ID numbers, such as Social Security number, passport number, driver’s license number, or taxpayer or national identification number
Financial information, such as income, bank account number, net worth, credit or debit card number, tax number, CVV, credit scores, debt, financial statement, or bankruptcy status
Insurance information, such as insurance policy numbers or insurance coverage
Network identity information, such as usernames, passwords, password protection answers, or a user's personal digital certificates
Account numbers, such as loyalty card numbers or frequent flyer numbers
User date of birth, year of birth, or exact age
Policy
We do not allow ad content and landing pages to display content that infringes upon or violates the rights of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, publicity, or other personal or proprietary rights.
Displaying personal data information, such as official identification, banking or financial account details, house addresses, or email addresses. Phone numbers are acceptable only if they are the contact information of the advertiser.
Auction ads must not use an unpaid or paid HTC page as a landing page.
Ad content must not contain quick response (QR) codes.
Examples of what is allowed:
QR on product packaging or application
Unscannable matrix codes including item barcodes
Examples of what is not allowed in select markets*:
Ad content with QR codes leading to third-party websites, including social media pages
1. Ad content, including the ad caption, ad text, ad images, ad videos, and ad call-to-action (CTA), needs to be consistent with the promoted product or service on the landing page.
Examples of what is not allowed：
The ad features product A, but the landing page shows product B.
The ad features brand A, but the landing page shows brand B.
The ad features the brand logo on the product, but the landing page does not include the brand logo on product.
2. Ad captions need to be consistent with the corresponding ad image or video.
The ad video says "Meet your future self!", but the ad caption says "Create a cartoon of yourself!".
The ad image says "Up to 30% off", but the ad caption says "Up to 50% off".
3. TheDisplay NameandApp Nameneeds to be consistent with the promoted product, service, or app name shown on the landing page.
The display name is "ABC Lotion", but the promoted product on the landing page is for "ABC Shampoo" or "XYZ Lotion".
The app name is "ABC", but the app name shown on the landing page is "XYZ".
Thedisplay nameis "VS" or "Lotion", and the display name shown on the landing page is "VS Lotion".
Theappname is "ABC" and the app name shown on the landing page is "ABC-xyz".
1. The ad caption and text must be free of spelling or grammatical mistakes, and must not use symbols incorrectly among the letters.
Use of incorrect spelling or grammar, such as "Rrom" instead of "From"
Excessive or informal use of capitalization, spacing, numbers, symbols, or punctuation among the letters in the ad caption
Uncommon spelling, such as "fressh"
Example of what is allowed:
Commonly accepted slang, such as "gonna"
2. The ad image must not feature blurry, unclear, and unrecognizable visuals, and must not use columns or pixels to partially cover images.
Ad images that display incomplete or illegible text
Blurred or masked third-party watermarks
Invalid buttons, induced gestures, or text, such as buttons, gestures, or text that portray unsupported functionality. For example: "Swipe up to learn more." text in an ad, because swiping up will just lead users to the next video and not lead them anywhere.
3. The ad must be legible and of a high resolution.
4. The duration of the ad must be a minimum of 5 seconds, and a maximum of 60 seconds.
5. The ad video must use the standard video size:
Vertical (9:16)
Square (1:1)
Horizontal (16:9)
6. The ad must contain audio and it must not be of poor quality, such as having unclear or muffled sound.
7. Ad content must be dynamic. Do not rely on static or still images as the primary element in your ad. Static images should not occupy more than 50% of the video.
8. Ad interaction ensure that your ad incorporates interaction and is not motionless. For example, avoid featuring a person holding a mobile device with a still image on the screen*.
An ad'ssetting languageis the ad targeting language. The language of your ad content and landing page must be consistent with the setting, target language, or with a language that is acceptable for that target market. If the setting language is not specified, then the language of the ad content and landing page must be in a language that is acceptable for that target market. Otherwise, subtitles in a language that is acceptable to the target market must be included.
Market-specific exceptions and restrictions may apply. Contact your TikTok Sales Representative for more details.
The following table details the acceptable languages by market:
*Language requirement is not enforced, but recommended.

=== Subpage 28: https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article/tiktok-after-conversion-experience-policy ===After Conversion Experience (ACE) is the user experience that begins once a transaction for goods (either physical or virtual), services, or interactions is initiated on our platform.
At TikTok, we are committed to safeguarding personal data, e-commerce transactions, and maintaining the integrity of our platform. Advertiser, you are required to ensure compliance with all legal requirements and regulations applicable to the sale and promotion of goods and services in the specific jurisdiction where they are advertised. Our advertising policies are designed to protect users from scams and uphold the trust they place in us.
Policy
You must deliver products that align with their advertised descriptions. Products arriving with any discrepancies impact customer satisfaction and experience.
Examples of what is not allowed:
Any inconsistencies in appearance from advertised descriptions (even if they don't affect overall function or appeal)
Functional flaws (even if they don't impact primary use)
Shortfalls in advertised quantities
Differences of in-app features
The presence of foreign contaminants
Expired products
You must deliver products that match the descriptions, quality, and functionality advertised.
Shortages in quantity or missing essential parts
Differences in brand, model, or appearance
Poor quality that makes the product unusable
Failure of a product to perform core functions
Discrepancies of in-app features that impact usability
Use of counterfeit materials
You must deliver all services as promised in ads or on landing pages.
Failure to meet delivery commitments
Expedited shipping not meeting the advertised timeframe
Not providing a "free sample" with a purchase, if promised
Charging a fee for an installation service advertised as free
You must ensure that purchased products are shipped reliably and reach buyers as promised.
Failing to dispatch orders
Sending empty packages
Using fraudulent shipping practices
Forged shipping labels
Inaccurate recipient information
Invalid or duplicated tracking numbers
Lack of updates on tracking
Delivery route inconsistencies
Mismatches between order details and shipping data
You must ensure all promotional offers are clear, accurate, and transparent to manage user expectations and prevent misunderstandings.
For flash sales, you must:
Clearly label the sale
Specify if the sale is limited by time or quantity
Provide details on sale duration and item availability
Provide details on restrictions such as user eligibility or minimum spend
For lotteries or giveaways, you must:
Provide detailed information on participation, prize distribution, and selection criteria
Provide clear instructions for entry requirements, the timing of the draw, prize availability, and any restrictions
For transparent cost disclosures, you must:
Inform users of any fees or subscriptions upfront
Inform users if they must complete time consuming tasks, such as surveys
You must protect users' personal data following conversions, avoiding any unauthorized use, particularly when handling shipping information, and do not misuse user data or attempt financial scams by promoting misleading offers or falsely using celebrity endorsements to deceive TikTok and its users.
Ads promising guaranteed too-good-to-be true gifts or rewards to all participants solely for completing a surveyNote: Ads offering entry into sweepstakes or raffles for a chance to win a prize upon survey completion may be allowed, provided no misleading guarantees of a gift or reward is implied.
Ads promising guaranteed too-good-to-be true gifts or rewards to all participants solely for completing a survey
Note: Ads offering entry into sweepstakes or raffles for a chance to win a prize upon survey completion may be allowed, provided no misleading guarantees of a gift or reward is implied.
Falsely presenting brand coupons or gift cards through fake third-party sources
Offering items for free testing outside approved categories, such as cosmetics with a try-before-buy option
Ads that misuse celebrity images or likenesses to mislead users
You must avoid promotions with prices that are unusually low or high in ways that could mislead or scam users.
Promotions offering products at over 70% off the fair market value or bundling items at extremely low prices
Advertising long-term services for free or at minimal cost
A giveaway item with a significantly higher value than that of the actual product being sold
You must ensure that products are safe for consumer use, with any potential safety risks clearly disclosed.
Physical injury risks, such as suffocation, burns, electric shocks, or cuts caused by the product
Chemical injury risks, such as allergic reactions or other adverse health symptoms resulting from the product's use
You must provide responsive and transparent post-purchase support, including clear refund policies, accessible customer service, reasonable customer service response times, and product guarantees. You must respond promptly to inquiries and inform users of expected wait times if escalation is needed. A violation may also occur when no response is provided for several days.
You must ensure users are fully informed about recurring billing or subscription-based services before completing a purchase. This includes clearly disclosing subscription details, recurring charges, and any hidden fees before checkout. Users must explicitly consent to these charges through opt-in mechanisms like checkboxes. Additionally, you must provide easy and accessible options for users to cancel their subscriptions without undue difficulty.
Subscription details hidden or disclosed only after purchase
Users automatically signed up for recurring charges without consent
Cancellation options that are hard to find or unclear
You must ensure that products are packaged, labeled, and presented in a way that matches the expectations set in your ads, maintaining both product integrity and a positive customer experience.
Damaged packaging, such as a crushed box, even if the product is undamaged
Incomplete labeling, like missing ingredient lists, or incorrect fabric details
Missing essential information or products lacking critical information, such as safety warnings or expiration dates, or a cleaning product missing hazard instructions
Ads within promoted apps, websites, or other products, particularly in-app ads, will be deemed malicious if they violate advertising laws, manipulate user behavior, or significantly interfere with the user experience.
Illegal ads promoting globally prohibited content, such as adult or gambling services
Deceptive ads that mislead users by redirecting them to unexpected destinations
Exaggerating financial claims, omitting essential information, or misrepresenting product features
Spamming ads that disrupt user experience through excessive repetition, intrusive methods, or aggressive visuals
You should be aware that even if your product matches its advertised description, it might not meet the personal preferences or expectations of users.
Examples:
Subjective complaints about taste or effect, such as when a customer orders food or skincare and finds it unsatisfactory
Price-value complaints, such as when users feel a product's price is too high for its quality or effectiveness
Complaints about a product's perceived effectiveness, such as when consumers expect certain results from a supplement or similar product
We reserve the right to take a variety of actions, such as the rejection of ads or suspension of ad accounts, depending on the severity of the violation and circumstances. For more information, see ourTikTok Ad After Conversion Experience Management Guidelines.

=== Subpage 29: https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article/housing-employment-credit-hec-ad-policy ===This policy is designed to protect our users and will be enforced to help prevent the use of our platform in a discriminatory manner.
Age
Gender
Zip code
Marital or parental status
Any options describing or appearing to relate to protected characteristics (this may include key words that have a high correlation to protected categories)
This HEC Ad Policy is in addition to existingAnti-Discrimination Ad Policythat prohibits unlawful discrimination, including without limitation, through the use of Custom Audiences or the use of other tools and audiences available on our platform.
Here are some examples of what may constitute an HEC ad:
Housing:Any ad that promotes a housing product, service, or opportunity, including but not limited to rental or sale listings, realtor services, homeowners insurance, mortgage insurance, mortgage loans, or property appraisal services. This excludes ads aimed at educating the public about their legal rights under fair housing laws in their region.
Employment:Any ad that promotes an employment opportunity, including but not limited to part or full-time jobs, freelance or “gig job” listings, recruiting opportunities, internships, accredited certification programs, job fairs, or employment-seeking services.
Credit:Any ad that promotes a credit opportunity, including but not limited to credit card offers, personal loans, educational loans, business loans, mortgage loans, auto loans, and any other loans.

=== Subpage 30: https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article/tiktok-ads-policy-healthcare-pharmaceuticals ===At TikTok, we want all healthcare and pharmaceutical products and services advertised on TikTok to be in compliance with local laws in each market. Our policies aim to foster an ad platform that equips our users with appropriate information.
Policy
Healthcare is a highly regulated area in most markets and we are dedicated to following advertising regulations for healthcare and pharmaceuticals. Some healthcare-related content cannot be advertised at all, while others can be advertised with restrictions in place.
Over-the-counter (OTC) medicines, medical institutions, and pharmacies may be allowed if the applicableMarket-specific requirementsare met.
Medical devices, tools, and equipment used for diagnosing, treating, or monitoring medical conditions may be allowed if the applicableMarket-specific requirementsare met.
Products derived from hemp oil and topical CBD products for cosmetics may be allowed in some markets and are subject to additional restrictions. If allowed, ad content and landing pages must comply with the local laws of the target country.
Hemp products are not supported via self-serve, you must work with a TikTok Sales Representative

=== Subpage 31: https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article/tiktok-ads-policy-adult-content ===At TikTok, we are committed to maintaining a safe and positive environment for all users. We aim to make our ad content comfortable for everyone. Therefore, it is each advertiser's responsibility to follow all advertising regulations, laws, and standards for adult sexual products, services, dating services, and entertainment.
Policy
As an advertiser, it is your responsibility to follow all advertising regulations, laws, and standards for adult sexual products, services, dating services, and entertainment. In addition to following all industry rules, we have put additional policies in place for the safety of our users.
We do not allow sexual services, sexual products, sexual activity, sexually explicit content, text, and audio, sexually suggestive content, nudity and body exposure, and dating and live chat.
Sexual services are not allowed.
Examples of what is not allowed:
Adult entertainment, such as host or hostess clubs, strip clubs, escort services, prostitution, or erotic massages
Sexual chats, imagery, and pornography
Member exclusive content and streaming of adult content through a webcam, such as stripping, nude modeling, and masturbation (sexcamming)
Sexual products are not allowed.
Pornographic material, sex toys, and supplies such as fetish or sexual fantasy costumes
Promotion, sale, solicitation, or facilitation of access to the enhancement of sexual performance, pleasure, or bodily appearance, such as drugs, medications, tools, or devices such as penis enlargement or breast enhancement products or services
Sexual activity is not allowed.
Penetrative sex, non-penetrative sex, and oral sex
Fetish and kink activity
Sexually explicit content, text, and audio are not allowed.
Grinding
Humping
Rubbing, squeezing, pinching, spanking, or slapping of clothed sensitive regions or sensitive body parts
Imitating sexual positions outside of sexual activity taking place
Mimicking sexual acts
Sexually explicit text, audio or term that directly describes or references specific sexual activity, body parts, or sexual products
Sexually suggestive content is not allowed.
Overtly sexual kissing
Sexually suggestive text or audio
Sexualized body positions
Emphasis on sensitive body parts or sensitive regions
Flirtatious movements
Wearing underwear, stripping, or undressing
Swimsuits, lingerie, or clothing that exposes or implies exposure of intimate areas
Nudity and body exposure is not allowed.
Displaying nudity
Displaying excessive visible skin
Dating apps or services that convey, imply, portray, or encourage transactional relationships, infidelity, or sexual encounters is not allowed.
Kissing in any form
Infidelity
International brides or mail-order brides
Sexual encounters
Exchange in terms of income or compensation including goods or services
Dating focused on large age gaps, sugaring or sugar dating, or engaging in companionship, relationships, or dating in exchange for compensation or material benefit
Other transactional companionship
Aggregated landing pages featuring ads or promotions for other dating sites
Content that is sexually suggestive in nature, such as focusing on bodies, sexual language, or innuendo

=== Subpage 32: https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article/tiktok-ads-policy-youth-safety ===We are deeply committed to TikTok being a safe and positive experience for people under the age of 18*. We refer to them as "teens". Users must be at least 13 years of age to have an account. However, additional age limitations may apply based on local laws in some markets.
Ads and landing pages must be safe and respectful for teens, and as an advertiser, you must comply with all applicable child safety laws, rules, and regulations that apply to the targeted markets. You must also comply with ourAd Policiesand targeting requirements, such asProtecting minors on TikTok: advertising initiativesandAbout advertising to people under the age of 18. These policies govern the protection of teens from illegal and harmful content, including content which may put them at risk of sexual, physical, or psychological harm.
You must also comply with ourCommunity Guidelines, which apply to everyone and to all content on the platform. The guidelines include rules for what is allowed on TikTok, as well as standards for what is eligible for the For You Feed (FYF).
We are committed to providing a safer experience for teens and keeping up with changing times and regulations. Therefore, ourAd PoliciesandCommunity Guidelinesare updated on an ongoing basis.
Policy
Ads and landing pages (LPs) must not feature minors, defined as people under the age of 18, in content that may put them at risk of sexual, physical, or emotional harm.
Minor sexual abuse material, with either real or non-real minors, such as animated content or artificial intelligence-generated content (AIGC), is not allowed.
We will report incidents of minor sexual abuse and exploitation to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC).
Do not feature content showing physical abuse of minors.
Examples of what is not allowed:
Hitting, slapping, punching, or kicking
Shaking
Throwing
Scalding or burning
Breaking bones
Do not feature content showingemotional abuse of minors. Such content involves harmful behaviour that can cause mental distress, and can involve both verbal and non-verbal abuse, which can scare, humiliate, and isolate a person.
Threatening behavior
Humiliation or ridiculing
Provoking fear of violence
Controlling
Intimidation
Coercion
Bullying
Fictional content, such as trailers for movies or TV shows, that references minor abuse stories may be allowed, but must be executed with a duty of care by advertisers.
Examples of what may be allowed:
Content that is not gratuitous, distressful, or offensive to victims of child abuse and their family
AIGC depictions of minors
Inappropriate skin exposure of both real and non-real minors, such as animated content or artificial intelligence-generated content (AIGC), that might subject them to sexual harm or objectify them is not allowed. However, depending on the context, some skin exposure may be allowed.
Examples of what might be allowed:
Minors in swimsuits if the ad is for swimwear, swimming lessons, or water theme parks
Traditional and historical artwork*
Product demonstration for products such as nappies
Fully or partially exposed sensitive body parts of minors
Only covering a minor's sensitive body part while other body parts are exposed, such as only wearing underwear
Accentuation of sensitive body parts
Do not feature content that shows minors engaging in illegal activities.
Drinking alcohol
Gambling
Smoking tobacco or e-cigarettes
Do not feature content that shows minors engaging in activities that are dangerous, inappropriate, or unethical for their age.
Trailers for video games, movies, and TV shows*
Government or NGO awareness campaigns, assessed on a case by case basis*
*Age targeting requirements may apply
Skipping school
Plagiarising homework
Do not exploit teens' credulity, loyalty, vulnerability, or lack of experience.
Urging or pressuring teens to make a purchase
Encouraging teens to persuade parents or guardians to purchase a product for them
Implying teens will gain popularity by owning the promoted product
Ads promoting products that may appeal to young children under the age of 13, including those with broad appeal, might be allowed if the following requirements are met*:
The ad must be restricted to audiences 18 years of age and older
Do not use particularly childish creative approaches


=== Subpage 33: https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article/tiktok-ads-policy-weight-management ===At TikTok, we aim to be a body-positive and inclusive environment. We want to create an environment where our community feels comfortable and confident. As an advertiser, you must follow these policies in your ad content and landing pages.
Policy
Ad content and landing pages for dieting and weight management products must prioritize responsible claims and cannot promote such products as being the sole solution for weight loss or weight gain. Any weight loss claims must target users aged 18 years or older, and must do so via the promotion of a healthy lifestyle.
The following is allowed:
Gyms or fitness apps
In some cases, the following may be allowed when targeted at users aged 18 years or older:
Sports supplements, such as protein powders
Examples of what is not allowed:
References to unrealistic weight gain or weight loss
Encouragement of unhealthy lifestyles or promotion of unhealthy relationships with food
Claims that the product alone, without diet or exercise, can lead to weight loss or weight gain
Performance exaggerations or suggestions that losing or gaining weight is easy or guaranteed
Examples of what is not allowed in select countries*:
Weight loss surgeries
Weight loss injections
Fat-burning pills
Cellulite creams

Ad content and landing pages must not explicitly shame users about their bodies or suggest there is an ideal body type.
The following are examples of what is not allowed:
The promotion or reinforcement of negative or unhealthy body images
Messages that are insulting, offensive, or distasteful that may make users feel negatively about their appearance
Suggesting users need to look a certain way, or that there is a "right" or "perfect" way to look
Claims that looking a certain way will make individuals more desirable, successful, happy, or popular
The promotion of an unhealthy relationship with food or exercise